TarStream-PHP 0.1.0 README
==========================

Overview
========
A fast and simple streaming tar archive library for PHP.  Archives
created by TarStream are created and sent over the wire on the fly
(without being cached in memory or saved to disk).  Here's a simple
example:

    # create a new tarstream object
    $tar = new TarStream('example.tar.gz');

    # create a file named 'hello.txt' 
    $tar->add_file('hello.txt', 'This is the contents of hello.txt.');

    # add a file named 'image.jpg' from a local file 'path/to/image.jpg'
    $tar->add_file_from_path('some_image.jpg', 'path/to/image.jpg');

    # finish the stream
    $tar->finish();

You can also modify file attributes and customize (or disable) the HTTP
headers.  See the inline documentation in the file `tarstream.php` for
additional information.

TarStream-PHP is distributed under the terms of the MIT/X11 license;
please see the "License" section below or the file COPYING for the full
license text.

License
=======
Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Duncan <pabs@pablotron.org>
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
  
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the of the Software.
   
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  

About the Author
================
Paul Duncan <pabs@pablotron.org>
http://pablotron.org/
